README.md, before:

# Mission Ready - Level 4 - Fullstack Accelerator - Lessons

---

PERN Stack Astronomy Image Pipeline Project [Project Log](https://github.com/Astrotope/l4-fsa-mission-ready-lessons/blob/main/PROJECT.md)

---

## Week 01

### Day 01

- Orientation and 'h1' tag
- Microsoft teams review
- VSCode setup

### Day 02

- HTML basics
  - html, head, & body tags
  - meta, & title tags
  - DocType
- Afternoon - VSCode Extensions
  - Better Comments [Improve your code commenting by annotating with alert, informational, TODOs, and more!]
    - ```<!-- ? Question/Qurey -->```
    - ```<!-- ! Depreciated -->```
    - ```<!-- * Important Info -->```
    - ```<!-- TODO: Rememben todo this -->```
  - Live Server [Launch a development local Server with live reload feature for static & dynamic pages]
  - Live Share [Real-time collaborative development from the comfort of your favorite tools.]
  - Prettier [Opinionated code formatting.]
  - Auto Rename Tag (Tag-Tag) [Auto rename paired HTML/XML tag]
  - Color Highlight [Highlight web colors in your editor]

### Day 03

- HTML
  - header, main, section, div tags
- CSS
  - games
    - [FlexBox Froggy](https://flexboxfroggy.com/)
    - [FlexBox Zombies](https://mastery.games/flexboxzombies/)
  - Resources
    - [30 jaw-dropping hero section examples from real websites](https://www.marketermilk.com/blog/hero-section-examples)
  - classes, id's
  - link stylesheets, & inline stylesheets
  - flex flow layout method
    - controls how elements within a container element are organised.
    - display: 
      - flex; (use for flex flow)
      - block;
    - justify-content: (controls x-dir for row, and y-dir for column)
      - flex-start; (default)
      - flex-end; 
      - space-between;
      - space-around;
      - space-evenly;
    - align-items: (control x-dir for row, and y-dir for column)
      - flex-start;
      - flex-end;
      - center;
      - baseline;
      - stretch; (default)
    - align-content: (controls how multiple lines are spaced apart, in the align direction)
      - flex-start;
      - flex-end;
      - center;
      - space-between;
      - space-around;
      - stretch
    - flex-direction: (controls the order and direction of the flow, row horizontal, column vertical, reverse change order)
      - row; (default)
      - row-reverse;
      - column;
      - column-reverse;
    - flex-flow: (combines flex-direction & flex-wrap)
      - ```<flex-direction> <flex-wrap>;```
    - order: (apply to element in container using a selector)
      - -2, 1, 0 (default), 1, 2
    - align-self: (apply to element in container using a selector)
      - flex-start;
      - flex-end;
      - center;
      - baseline;
      - stretch;
    - flex-wrap: (controls how flex flows wrap, on narrower/shorter screens)
      - wrap;
      - nowrap; (default)
      - wrap-reverse;

Commit message:

course slides days 1-3 added to READEME.md

README.md, after:

# Mission Ready - Level 4 - Fullstack Accelerator - Lessons

---

PERN Stack Astronomy Image Pipeline Project [Project Log](https://github.com/Astrotope/l4-fsa-mission-ready-lessons/blob/main/PROJECT.md)

---

## Week 01

### Day 01

- Slides 
  - [Orientation](https://github.com/Astrotope/l4-fsa-mission-ready-lessons/blob/eedd2e9214ec4c407e7a692ed46c3faeba264532/slides/Day%201.%20Orientation.pdf)
- Orientation and 'h1' tag
- Microsoft teams review
- VSCode setup

### Day 02

- Slides 
  - [Welcome, Course Intro, Tools](https://github.com/Astrotope/l4-fsa-mission-ready-lessons/blob/eedd2e9214ec4c407e7a692ed46c3faeba264532/slides/Day%202A.%20Programming%20Intro%2C%20Internet%20intro%2C%20IDE%20-%20Reuben.pdf)
  - [Introduction to HTML](https://github.com/Astrotope/l4-fsa-mission-ready-lessons/blob/eedd2e9214ec4c407e7a692ed46c3faeba264532/slides/Day%202B.%20Intro%20to%20HTML%20-%20Reuben.pdf)
- HTML basics
  - html, head, & body tags
  - meta, & title tags
  - DocType
- Afternoon - VSCode Extensions
  - Better Comments [Improve your code commenting by annotating with alert, informational, TODOs, and more!]
    - ```<!-- ? Question/Qurey -->```
    - ```<!-- ! Depreciated -->```
    - ```<!-- * Important Info -->```
    - ```<!-- TODO: Rememben todo this -->```
  - Live Server [Launch a development local Server with live reload feature for static & dynamic pages]
  - Live Share [Real-time collaborative development from the comfort of your favorite tools.]
  - Prettier [Opinionated code formatting.]
  - Auto Rename Tag (Tag-Tag) [Auto rename paired HTML/XML tag]
  - Color Highlight [Highlight web colors in your editor]

### Day 03

- Slides
  - [Introduction to CSS](https://github.com/Astrotope/l4-fsa-mission-ready-lessons/blob/main/slides/Day%203A.%20Intro%20to%20CSS%20-%20Reuben.pdf)
  - [Page Structure and FB Pay](https://github.com/Astrotope/l4-fsa-mission-ready-lessons/blob/eedd2e9214ec4c407e7a692ed46c3faeba264532/slides/Day%203B.%20Page%20Structure%20and%20FB%20Pay%20-%20Reuben.pdf)
- HTML
  - header, main, section, div tags
- CSS
  - games
    - [FlexBox Froggy](https://flexboxfroggy.com/)
    - [FlexBox Zombies](https://mastery.games/flexboxzombies/)
  - Resources
    - [30 jaw-dropping hero section examples from real websites](https://www.marketermilk.com/blog/hero-section-examples)
  - classes, id's
  - link stylesheets, & inline stylesheets
  - flex flow layout method
    - controls how elements within a container element are organised.
    - display: 
      - flex; (use for flex flow)
      - block;
    - justify-content: (controls x-dir for row, and y-dir for column)
      - flex-start; (default)
      - flex-end; 
      - space-between;
      - space-around;
      - space-evenly;
    - align-items: (control x-dir for row, and y-dir for column)
      - flex-start;
      - flex-end;
      - center;
      - baseline;
      - stretch; (default)
    - align-content: (controls how multiple lines are spaced apart, in the align direction)
      - flex-start;
      - flex-end;
      - center;
      - space-between;
      - space-around;
      - stretch
    - flex-direction: (controls the order and direction of the flow, row horizontal, column vertical, reverse change order)
      - row; (default)
      - row-reverse;
      - column;
      - column-reverse;
    - flex-flow: (combines flex-direction & flex-wrap)
      - ```<flex-direction> <flex-wrap>;```
    - order: (apply to element in container using a selector)
      - -2, 1, 0 (default), 1, 2
    - align-self: (apply to element in container using a selector)
      - flex-start;
      - flex-end;
      - center;
      - baseline;
      - stretch;
    - flex-wrap: (controls how flex flows wrap, on narrower/shorter screens)
      - wrap;
      - nowrap; (default)
      - wrap-reverse;
